notes from  COVID Killed the traditional workplace. What should companies do now?

Dina Gerdeman March 8, 2021
https://www.library.hbs.edu/working-knowledge/covid-killed-the-traditional-workplace-what-should-companies-do-now

"However, they have lost time for those casual conversations that come before and after a meeting or from just walking in the hallway or bumping into folks you might otherwise never know at work when you're grabbing coffee." (Dian, 2021)

Me: There is something with in person communications, however if a person has not issues working from home, their quality of work should allow them ability to work from home.  Work from home should be based on ability, and preferences.

"I've seen teams reduce standing one-hour meetings to 45 or even 30 minutes, and their meetings have become far more efficient." (Dian, 2021)

Me: Lets be honest most meetings could be an email.  There is nothing wrong with setting up a shared resouce like onenote, a forum, or a confrence call.  In come companies most of the team is spread over the world, so you are talking like this to begin with.

"Finding out how employees would like to work—home or office—through a survey is too simplistic." (Dina, 2021)
Me: It isn't a problem to let employees choose if it is posible to work from.  Alternativly there is also the factor of being seen in the office, but that is what metrics are for.  Can they produce when out of the office, if they can't how is that determined and what happens to the employee?

"Pre-pandemic research and new studies carried out during lockdown show a stark increase in loneliness for employees assigned to work-from-home environments." (Dina, 2021)
Me: My question would be is it the responsability of the corporation to ensure employees are not lonely or are these grown adults that can act on their own issues?  Also the locdown was forced on people that need human interaction, while others who don't need it their life didn't change at all.  I would argue that someone who is reclusive would perform better when not interuppted and allowed to do work.  In addition you have positive outcomes such as more free time for hobbies and children.  If we think back to the days of agriculture, it was common for a family to be alone until Saturday and Sunday when they would see other people and have a chance to catch up.

I would also argue that in some companies you drive to work to sit in a cubical for eight or more hours a day with out human interaction.  So you lose the negatives in those cases, and gain some positives.  In addition if you do not have a brick and mortor company yet, you don't have to incur the costs that come with building and its running costs.


As Amy Edmondson outlined, "Working from home works best for relatively independent tasks, when knowledge is codified and can be easily shared from a distance. Being together matters when tasks are interdependent, require sharing tacit knowledge in fluid ways, and coordination needs are not scripted or predictable." (Dina, 2021)

Linda stated, "people care deeply about if their companies are socially responsible" (Dina, 2021)  I would argue that employees are no different than companies.  The monitary compensations is what decides their decision process.

Extended quote but I believe it drives home my point about the option of remote work.  

"Another set of companies like Dropbox have cast themselves as “virtual-first” organizations. They are saying to employees, “It’s your choice whether to come in or not. And you are free to move somewhere else—just as long as you do the work we want you to do.”
Ultimately, every company will have to determine the best path for their employees and their entire ecosystem. Likewise, every company needs to be prepared to handle the cultural impact of whatever path they follow." (Dina, 2021)

"The idea that you must be physically present to be productive is just not valid." (Dina, 2021)  In office work will remain true for many people, as there are some jobs that there isn't an option to work from home.  We can think back to the days of door to door salesman.  They were not in an office, however they were expected to perform, I see no differnce in todays workforce.

As the author stated, "I think this is a case where one-size-fits-all solutions unfortunately do not exist." (Dina, 2021)  As a manager as a company we need to move forward and find solutions that fit how our company does business.

--------------------------------------------------------
Notes from
Gartner: The Future of Work is Hybrid and Employee Well-Being Depends on It
By Giselle Abramovich, editor-in-chief, The Cigna Group Newsroom
https://newsroom.thecignagroup.com/gartner-fow-hybrid-employee-well-being
I see 2025 on the page but not dates near the authors name.  Ill put n.d. for now.

"The good news is, she said, that we have all the tools we need to do asynchronous work today." (Gartner, n.d.)  Employees can complete tasks without relying on constant intervention from up or down the company heiarchy.

"there are cost advantages to having some of your workforce in a hybrid model, both from a travel and expenses perspective as well as real estate costs." (Gartner, n.d.)

"The goal is quality of output, outcomes, and deliverables, as well as employee well-being." (Gartner, n.d.)
"coming into the office doesn’t need to be a daily routine for every employee." (Gartner, n.d.)


Should this be at the beginning?
To relive companies of concern for the remote workforce, and the employee the option of working remotely the key will be a proper outline of roles and responsibilities.  That the employee and management knows what is expected from them, and can measure for performance goals.  With the understanding in place you will have opportunity to allow the employees actions to dictate if the can handle remote work, or working in the office is a better fit for them.


----------------------------------------------------------
Why A Great Remote Leadership Strategy Is A Cure For Quiet Quitting
Larry English Sep 20, 2022
https://www.forbes.com/sites/larryenglish/2022/09/20/why-a-great-remote-leadership-strategy-is-a-cure-for-quiet-quitting/?sh=53d96d106a46



Some employers belive that quiet quitters are "workers doing the bare minimum to meet expectations" (Larry, 2022)  My question to that would be if they are meeting the minium and you are unhappy, why not raise the minimum?  It seems to me more like a managerial problem that a remote issue.  Just in your own experience while working in the office have you ever thought that you get all the assignments and another person seems to get none.  Taking a realistic look at our own experiences can reveal the truth, that being "lazy" or the "bare minimum" has always existed.

"If your employees are disengaged, you’ve got a leadership problem. That was true before the pandemic, and it’s true now." (Larry, 2022)  Where you set expectations is generaly what you are going to recieve.  No ammount of remote mouse monitoring is going to make you happy if you walk into these discussion assuming ill intent.  You give employees problems to solve, then they solve them.  Let me ask a genral question, if a fast employee completed all their work in four hours would you be happy or upset whne you pay them for eight hours?

"Evaluate remote employees by results achieved. The old-school way of thinking about productivity, where hard workers come early and stay late, is not only wrong and outdated but also counterproductive for unlocking discretionary effort." (English, 2022)  Leaders can cause burnout or what the author would call digital presenteeism.  They are there but not ready to solve problems for you.


"Research bears this out: One study found office workers are productive for less than three hours each day." (English, 2022)  You can measure with the wrong metrics and think your team is producted but ask yourself is your team producing what your company needs, or are you making buzy work?





