Tresor
Risk Statment 1:
Your point about mistakes and relating that to employee training, aligns with the reading we have seen.  That it is crusial to add training to cut down costs, mistakes, and increase customer satisfaction.

I do see truth in the quality would not be all bad as there seems to be employees that can produce but are slowed down by other quality issues.  The training you were talking about I think falls into Risk Mitigations.  "Mitigating risks means the risk is just slightly above your organization’s risk appetite or tolerance level, so you take steps to reduce the risk’s impact to within acceptable limits." (Bell, 2022)  We know where are failures are at and we know the procedure.  Interestinly they can produce the PDF that defines the training.  So I would have the most knowlegable get together and define all the stepts in easy to understand terms.

As you stated, "employees must be trainined properly to reduce errors."  Taking the time to outline and produce training material is one step, they then need to implement and supervise the training to ensure evyerone has an opportunity to learn.

Risk Statement 2:
I would agree that having only part time employees onboard could cause issues.  As you stated previously training is an issue, and placing part time workers on top of that could cause more harm.  In addition you talked about the issues of call outs from part time employees that could be covered by full time, which I agree that having the correct mix is imporant to this business to provide opportunities to college students and maintain production for stakeholders.

I belive these problems would fall under Risk Avoidance.  Which means "taking steps to keep a risk from happening."  The active respose is the best response for these types of situations.  I don't know if I would fire any part time workers as from the reading they will be leaving soon, however I would take steps to fire full time employees as you suggested.  Maybe you could grab some reason grads depending on the role.  There are online places to could post, but I wouldn't forget the local offices that seek out employement for indivduals.  You could aslo benifit from hiring displaced workers through Governement programs.

Now that they know there problems they can work on resolutions.  Hiring full time workers as you suggested will avoid the risks they are seeing.  

Reference:
Bell, M. (2022, September 29). PMP Exam Strategies for Risk Response: Mitigate Risk, Avoid, or Transfer. Project Management Academy Resources. https://projectmanagementacademy.net/resources/blog/strategies-for-risk-response/

‌