Viviane
Risk Statment 1:
It does seem that the company is facing a disorganization problem.  I could only imagine if we were stuck in that situtaion or the poor employees doing their best but can't keep their head above water.  Your statement about the order reception are on point.

I would think they could use risk mitigation.  Which is "you take steps to reduce the risk’s impact to within acceptable limits." (Bell, 2022)  For that I would use the PM tools we have been talking about.  Streamlining the process and giving everyone the chance to see the orders and the current process time for each.  Knowing these and what is expected of you would go a long way to clear up the order process.  As you pointed out they need to be "prioritized in a predictable way."

Using the strategy of implemening project managment software it will reduce the likelihood of disorganization, and should increase the delivery times.  Do you think its PM software that is need or is there another way to reduce the order input output process?


Risk Statement 2:
I would agree that there is a problem with the number of people working.  The delays and quality issues that they are experienceing could be a result of the number of employees.

Using risk avoidance could help here.  Which we can do by "taking steps to keep a risk from happening." (Bell, 2022)  There are acouple of options to pull from.  We have seen some layoff recently, as they seem to happen more often around holidays (terrifiying) We can look to local workforce development boards that could have access to pools of these displayced workers.  

There is alos the American Job Center which can help find connections as well.  The benifit is we will be helping the local community.  Not too long ago Tyson foods laid off about 1276 workers or about 16% of the populations.  Sad to see, where do you go after working one place for 20 years.  So its good to help out the local community.


Reference:
Bell, M. (2022, September 29). PMP Exam Strategies for Risk Response: Mitigate Risk, Avoid, or Transfer. Project Management Academy Resources. https://projectmanagementacademy.net/resources/blog/strategies-for-risk-response/

‌