Tracy Price:
Key Stakeholders

To what extent they are willing to support a project is crucial

 taken possession of this project as their crown jewel

convey a sense of urgency and importance to a project

those against a project are vocal, particularly in the age of social media, and seek to chip away at a project’s successes.


Key Stakeholders are another good aspect that you need to be aware of.


I was just hearing of a CEO that was surrounded by yes men and it collapsed the company.  




Mittal, P. (2024, February 23). Key Challenges, Strategies and Steps for effective Stakeholder Management. Medium. https://medium.com/@mittal.pratyush/key-challenges-strategies-and-steps-for-effective-stakeholder-management-2be14ba5dda9

"‌Your project’s success hinges mainly on effectively managing relationships with these set of stakeholders." (Mittal, 2024)
"These relationships can directly affect the project’s reception, usability, and overall value." (Mittal, 2024)


Discussion reply 1)
I can attest to the problem of working with stakeholders, I was not prepared to properly pitch my project. After I was done explaining, a day or two later my boss had to come behind me and clear up the misconceptions I didn't realize I gave him.  I agree that you should understand who you are talking to and the knowledge gap you can create between one another.  Similarly Mittal (2024) suggests, "Routine interactions with stakeholders might present challenges such as communication barriers, ambiguity in expectations, and complex decision-making processes."

When talking the importance of stake holders urgency with a project, Mittal at Medium.com showed the differences in stakeholder character traits, such as some priorities morality, some are risk-averse, and value their reputation.  Simarly you talked about finding how much they will support and what resposibility they will take on we can see the importance of understanding who we are working with.  "These relationships can directly affect the project’s reception, usability, and overall value." (Mittal, 2024)

I can see why you picked Key Stakeholders, and at the same time I can see what a pain it is to deal with individuals who are not already on board with the project.  I don't know if I could overcome these failings and become a good Project Manager but I can see from your writings, the lectures and the posts of others that Key Stakerholder is an important element of the Project Purpose Statement.

I think your most important statement is, "those against a project are vocal, particularly in the age of social media, and seek to chip away at a project’s successes."  I don't think you can underestimate the impact of social media is on a product, or in this case a project.  It isn't a secret that people like to see success but they love to see someone fall.  I think half the country thought Angelina Jolie was dead not that long ago when a quick search would have shown otherwise, at the same time it can be used to spark interest in a new product.  I think I would use care when it comes to social media.


Mittal, P. (2024, February 23). Key Challenges, Strategies and Steps for effective Stakeholder Management. Medium. https://medium.com/@mittal.pratyush/key-challenges-strategies-and-steps-for-effective-stakeholder-management-2be14ba5dda9