	Organization Development is bound to scientific data.  It will interperate the data and test for outcomes.  The resulting theory is put into practice advancing the field of organizational science.  Ill be sharing my timeline and predictions from last week.  I would admit that I have just dipped my toes into this area so I was supprised that we were to make predictions so early.  It does keep you on your toes and forces you to learn about OD in order to make assumptions about the future.

1) Companies will tighten their budget and combine offices.  HR will be required to fullfill all the duities of OD in addition to their normal roles.

2) AI will fall off for company usage.  Currently companies have been closing access to external AI, I think this will continue.

3) DEI will morph into something else, I am thinking it will revert to something like in the 2000's.  Where companies will not discriminate, but there won't be programs or a push for anything beyond that.

Reflections:
	To be fair think only think I know of HR operations is don't make them angry, and they are in the loop for hiring.  However I can say with some certainty that AI is dying off.  Not that it will never be used but its all most a buzzword that is stuffed into products.  Currently it is used in some switches to monitor traffic but you can't trust it fully.  It is not a one size fits all, if anything you will see a mix of data.
	Company budgets have been shrinking, and no one knows how the ecconomy will work in the next ten years.  Currently companies are holding onto their cash, and the ones that have put themselfs out in the market like gaming companies have had issues.  It looks like Ubisoft a major game studio is going to sell off parts or the whole company.
	For DEI I am a bit out of the loop as I have only seen it come up in class.  I am not involved in HR so what I put here is just a guess.  It seems after a state (Texas?) passed some law to remove DEI, companies have slowly been fasing it out.  Looking at Forbes they have a completly differnt take than me.  They suggest it is more of challengies this year than it being dismantled.

Challenges:
	The challenge that I was comming across and I am not sold that this would happen to an OD practitioner is the definition.  We know now from the reading that the fields has been changin over the years.  However it has been difficult at time to get a simple definitions.  That makes me wonder if upper managment would have trouble understanding how OD can have a positive impact on their company.  Looking at it this way it could be that your problem would be funding.  If I don't know how a tools works then I would not be able to implement it.

If I had a suggestion it would to be clear with how you can help, what benefit do you provide?

Conclusion:
	The field has a chance to grow, but only if you allow it to grow.