William, I suppose the first question I would have is wouldn't solving company problems be considered increasing their efficiency?  Although there are times when a company is solving for a problem they should not have focused on.  For example a buisness paid engineers to develop a system that would stop production to remove empty boxes.  The company paid a good sum for this new process, when they went to show it off to I think company heads they found a fan in front of the system.  What happened is the production stoppage was so annoying that one person put a fan before the weight messurment to blow the box off.  Which bypassed the expensive system that was just installed.

While we are looking for positive changes to make you point out that OD needs to keep up with business changes, and they are required to make new offerings.  "The volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity inherent in today’s organizational world is the “new normal,” and it is profoundly changing only how organizations of all kinds do business." (Livingston, 2014)  How would you approach these changes, where do you look for insperation?

Another question I would have for you is what tools do you think are available to increase productivity?  Would they be buisness independant?  You mentioned the potential increase of remote workers,  What challenges do you think it could cause?  I remember not so long ago companies suggesting that remote work took away from company culture, and the response from some remote workers is they didn't care about culture.  These remote workers wanted to do their job and be left alone.

Which for myself I can sympathize with.  When I was a 3D moddeler, I would get so annoyed when people came to my cube, mainly because I am just as bad at being too chatty.  So when it starts I know I just lost an hour of work.  Then I am left with trying to ignore people, or tell them I don't have time to talk.  I suppose this could boil down to bad social skills as well.

In the report that you cited they talk about the possibliy of increasing skills they need from employees, that "occupational shifts by focusing on the skills they need" (Lund, 2021)  They also discuss the possibly for an increase in rual and diverse workers.  Would you like that paper belive the key to opening up the positions lay at the feet of policymakers, or would it be following larger companies that have shown success with these new types of employees?

How do you measure problems in production from remote work, do you monitor like some companies keystrokes or would you just monitor for output?  Some people have suggested that there are remote workers that could do their work faster, so could work two jobs or finish work early and relax.  If you are a top teir employee would it push you away if you were monitored for keyboard and mouse time versus the output you produce for your employer?

Reference:
Livingston, R. E. (2014). The future of organization development in a VUCA world. Retrieved from https://champlain.instructure.com/courses/2418654/files/336704091?wrap=1
Lund, S. & et al. (2021, February 18). The future of work after COVID-19. McKinsey & Company