Practice Standard for Work Breakdown Structures - Thrid Edition

3.1
"Ensures the work of the project correlates appropriately with the organizational breakdown structure (OBS) yielding the responsibility assignment matrix (RAM)" (PMI, 2019)

"Project failures, however, can often trace back to a poorly developed or nonexistent WBS." (PMI, 2019)

Incomplete project definition, leading to ongoing project extensions;
Unclear work assignments, goals, objectives, or deliverables;
Scope creep or unmanageable, frequently changing scope;
Budget overrun;
Missed deadlines on scheduled deliverables or timeline slippage;
Unusable new product or feature;
Unmanaged risk;
Lack of communication;
Lack of consistency in approach; and
Failure to deliver on some elements of project scope.

3.3
"Decomposition represents the core of the WBS." (PMI, 2019)

"Decomposition is a technique used for dividing and subdividing the project scope and project deliverables into smaller, more manageable parts." (PMI, 2019)

Identifying and analyzing the deliverables and related work,
Structuring and organizing the WBS,
Decomposing the upper WBS levels into lower-level detailed components,
Developing and assigning identification codes to the WBS components, and
Verifying that the degree of decomposition of the deliverables is appropriate.

Various approaches apply when creating a WBS structure. Some of the popular approaches include the top-down approach, the use of organization-specific guidelines, and the use of WBS templates. A bottom-up approach typically groups subcomponents. 

Decomposition of the upper-level WBS components requires subdividing the work for each of the deliverables or subcomponents into its most fundamental components, where the WBS components represent verifiable products, services, or results.

Structuring the WBS often appears as an outline, an organizational chart, or other approach that identifies a hierarchical breakdown.

"However, excessive decomposition occasionally leads to non-productive management effort, inefficient use of resources, decreased efficiency in performing the work, and difficulty aggregating data over different levels of the WBS." (PMI, 2019)

This accounts for all the work, addresses key project management practices, and captures the produced deliverables.

"an alternate WBS adds the phase-oriented type ... Segmenting the work into phase segments of a life cycle allows analysis within managed cycles." (PMI, 2019)

"the design cycle ... Once approved, the build cycle starts and manufacturing of the designed components of the bicycle occurs" (PMI, 2019)

For the agile life cycle iteration 1, as shown in Figure 3-8, design of the system begins. Here the backlog and user stories use story points for sizing the effort.

"The project management WBS element exists to ensure accounting of all the work."


3.4
The WBS is an important tool used in the planning and execution of a successful project. Many project cost, schedule, and quality failures trace directly to flaws in the development of the project's WBS.

A project's success is less likely without the existence of a quality WBS.


4.2

Assures completeness of the work needed to be done to meet the objectives of the project;
Provides a framework for managing and controlling the work packages;
Assists stakeholders’ understanding and communicating of the scope;


4.2.1

Core attributes are required for every WBS, as these properties enable the WBS to satisfy project needs present in most projects, most of the time.

Defines the scope of the project by containing 100 percent of the work defined by the scope; each level of decomposition contains 100 percent of the work in the parent level

Allows easier review and audit of the WBS work packages

Iteratively evolves along with the progressive elaboration of project scope, up to the point the scope has been baselined and fixed

Updated in accordance with a project change control process

4.5

 For a WBS to be considered of high quality, it requires attainment of the purpose for which it was originally intended, plus inclusion of the complete work represented by the scope of a program or project.

Elements that are defined using nouns and adjectives, not verbs;

Graphical and hierarchical breakdowns of the project scope.





















Reference:

Project Management Institute. (2019). Practice standard for work breakdown structures (3rd ed.). Project Management Institute.