"In the end if they can’t determine which information matters they may make no changes at all"

"it's important to treat everyone as interdependent pieces that make up the organization, not independent pieces."


Danielle, first off your post is so clean it was hard to think of anything to talk about.  To be honest, your transitions have made me rethink my own writing; if you are not a writer now, I think you have a career screaming for you.  I would like to focus on your comments about technology and its role.  As you said, "it's important to treat everyone as interdependent pieces that make up the organization, not independent pieces."  Which we can all lose track of in the rush to complete goals.

My concern with technology, and one that stands out the most, is monitoring.  With the rise of working from home during and after the pandemic, companies have increased the amount of data they collect on their employees.  I plan to touch on this in the upcoming assignments.  The short statement on data collection is it's too much.  In IT we collect logs, but no human has the time to go through all data sets.  This is where patterns and isolation of known practices come into play.

Your statement, "In the end, if they can’t determine which information matters, they may make no changes at all," seems to fit well here, but I wonder about overreach as well.  Again, I agree with the statements you made just prior to this, so how do you determine what data to take in and analyze?  Where is the boundary before you get paralysis by analysis?  Will these companies know when they have gone too far and are pushing employees away and toward their competitors?

Reevse (2020) states that "creating and maintaining a variety of elements can 
be significantly more expensive than using standardized ones, 
reducing an organization’s efficiency."  While this points toward the company itself, I would argue that it works with data collection.  Is there a balance that is idependant of each company, each division in the company.  What is the way forward, and how do you know when to back off?


Reeves, M., Levin, S., Fink, T., & Levina, A. (2020). Taming complexity. Harvard Business Review. Retrieved from https://champlain.instructure.com/courses/2418654/files/336704089?wrap=1